[SD] Migration to latest OV tokenizers (#77)
openvinotoolkit/openvino.genai: image_generation/stable_diffusion_1_5/cpp/README.md

> # OpenVINO Stable Diffuison (with LoRA) C++ pipeline

Reviewer: I think the spelling was correct

Author: fixed

The pure C++ text-to-image pipeline, driven by the OpenVINO native API for Stable Diffusion v1.5 with LMS Discrete Scheduler, supports both static and dynamic model inference. It includes advanced features like LoRA integration with safetensors and [OpenVINO extension for tokenizers](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino_contrib/blob/master/modules/custom_operations/user_ie_extensions/tokenizer/python/README.md). This demo has been tested on Windows and Linux platform.

> [!NOTE]

> >This tutorial assumes that you are located in `<openvino.genai repo>/image_generation/stable_diffusion_1_5/cpp/` and all paths are relative to this folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>This tutorial assumes that the current working directory is `<openvino.genai repo>/image_generation/stable_diffusion_1_5/cpp/` and all paths are relative to this folder.
```

Author: fixed

## Step 1: Prepare build environment

C++ Packages:
* [CMake](https://cmake.org/download/): Cross-platform build tool
* [OpenVINO](https://docs.openvino.ai/2023.2/openvino_docs_install_guides_overview.html): Model inference
* Eigen3: Lora enabling

SD preparation could be auto implemented with `scripts/build_dependencies.sh`. This script provides 2 ways to install `OpenVINO 2023.1.0`: [conda-forge](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/openvino) and [Download archives](https://storage.openvinotoolkit.org/repositories/openvino/packages/2023.1/windows/).
```shell

> chmod +x ./scripts/build_dependencies.sh

Reviewer: It was there before, so you can view it as out of this PR scope. Can you push `build_dependencies.sh` version with chmod +x already applied and remove this line

Author: fixed

For the diffusion part, the duration is for all the steps of Unet inferencing, which is the bottleneck

For the generation quality, be careful with the negative prompt and random latent generation. C++ random generation with MT19937 results is differ from `numpy.random.randn()`. Hence, please use `-r, --readNPLatent` for the alignment with Python (this latent file is for output image 512X512 only)

Program optimization: In addition to inference optimization, now parallel optimization with `std::for_each`` only and `add_compile_options(-O3 -march=native -Wall)` with CMake 

## Setup in Windows 10 with VS2019:

1. Download [Anaconda3](https://repo.anaconda.com/archive/Anaconda3-2023.09-0-Windows-x86_64.exe) and setup Conda env `SD-CPP`` for OpenVINO with conda-forge and use the anaconda prompt terminal for CMake
2. C++ dependencies:
  * OpenVINO:
    To deployment without Conda: [Download archives* with OpenVINO](https://storage.openvinotoolkit.org/repositories/openvino/packages/2023.1/windows/), unzip and setup environment vars with `.\setupvars.bat`
  * Eigen:

>       ```shell
>       1. Download from https://gitlab.com/libeigen/eigen/-/archive/3.4.0/eigen-3.4.0.zip 
>       2. Unzip to path C:/Eigen3/eigen-3.4.0 
>       3. Run next step's build.bat will report error: not found Eigen3Config.cmake/eigen3-config.cmake
>       - Create build folder for Eigen and Open VS in this path C:/Eigen3/eigen-3.4.0/build
>       - Open VS's developer PS terminal to do "cmake .." and redo the CMake 
>       ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      1. Download from https://gitlab.com/libeigen/eigen/-/archive/3.4.0/eigen-3.4.0.zip 
      2. Unzip to path C:/Eigen3/eigen-3.4.0 
      3. Run next step's build.bat will report error: not found Eigen3Config.cmake/eigen3-config.cmake
      - Create build folder for Eigen and Open VS in this path C:/Eigen3/eigen-3.4.0/build
      - Open VS's developer PS terminal to do "cmake .." and redo the CMake 

```

Author: fixed

    Ref: [not found Eigen3Config.cmake/eigen3-config.cmake](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/48144415/not-found-eigen3-dir-when-configuring-a-cmake-project-in-windows)
3. CMake with command lines, create a script build.bat:

>     ```shell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```bat
```

Author: fixed
